But what I do find as I flick through my Facebook is that sometimes it's shown as to be a surprise
that people with a learning disability have relationships. So I'm going through my social
media sometimes or on the internet and it's like saying oh this person and this person's
having a relationship and I'm like thinking and they're celebrating that and I'm thinking
Yeah fine celebrate it but it's normal and it's like, I don't know, I'm sounding a bit cloudy here but yeah it's like why not because everyone else does.
It's nothing like, obviously everyone's capable of it and they make it sound as if like it's a big achievement.
I mean yeah it could be an achievement but it's like they make it sound as if they wasn't capable of doing that in the first place.
So then it's like okay and then obviously everyone's capable of everything.
I mean stuff people are capable of doing maybe and not everyone can do everything but you can have a go.
Do you think people with a learning disability do find it more difficult to have relationships?
Do you think that's why they might be celebrating it or do you think, I mean I agree that it should be seen as normal shouldn't it?
Yeah.
But do you think people do have to, that it's more difficult for people with a learning disability or not?
I think it could and couldn't be. I think yes and no because I think it could be difficult
in a way that if somebody was married they would have to maybe have a support worker
to help them with their bills, help them with the legal stuff, help them maybe to cook or to clean
or to like you know care or something but that shouldn't be a barrier and
even people without a learning disability they have support workers and carers too.
So also I think if people with a learning disability have relationships I think that is
could be easy, it could be easy because on the, not on the whole but
I think sometimes or quite often maybe a lot people with learners learning disability
they don't hide themselves away and you know like your feelings and you just tell us and they're honest and
yeah basically like obviously
I don't know if this sounds weird but I think people with learning disability are more honest
on the whole maybe in a weird sort of way, not a weird sort of way but they could be more honest than
mainstream people and I don't want to call them mainstream people anymore but as people without
people without a learning disability then because obviously if you're having a bad day with
learning disability it's easier to tell so and also it's harder for people I'm just guessing this
I think it's harder with a learning person with a learning disability to make a lie and
that's because it's um
because basically they tell it as it is you know yes they I found this in a lot of places and a lot of
and a lot of people watching that people do get more honest and passionate about it
and then that's why they tell it as it is yeah